Rewrite and synthetis the installation doc (#6622)
PyCQA/pylint: doc/user_guide/installation.rst

.. _installation:

Installation
============

Command line
------------

Pylint is installable using a package manager. Your package manager will find a version that
works with your interpreter. We recommend ``pip``:

.. code-block:: sh

   pip install pylint

Use the newest Python interpreter if you can.

It's possible to analyse code written for older interpreters by using the ``py-version``
option and setting it to the old interpreter. For example you can check that there are
no ``f-strings`` in Python 3.5 code using Python 3.8 with an up-to-date pylint even if
Python 3.5 is past end of life (EOL).

> We do not guarantee that ``py-version`` will work for all EOL python interpreter indefinitely,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We do not guarantee that ``py-version`` will work for all EOL python interpreters indefinitely,
```

(for anything before python 3.5, it's probably not). If a newer version does not work for you,
the best available pylint might be an old version that works with your old interpreter but

> without the bug fixes and feature of latest pylints.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
without the bug fixes and feature of later versions.
```

.. _installation:

Installation
============

Command line
------------

Pylint is installable using a package manager. Your package manager will find a version that
works with your interpreter. We recommend ``pip``:

.. code-block:: sh

   pip install pylint

> Use the newer python interpreters if you can. It's possible to analyse code written
> for older interpreters by using ``py-version`` and setting it to the old interpreter. For
> example you can check that there are no ``f-string`` in python 3.5 code using python 3.8
> with an up-to-date pylint even if python 3.5 is past enf of life (EOL).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is recommend to use the newest Python interpreter you can use. However, it is also possible to analyse code written
for older interpreters by using the ``py-version`` option and setting it to the old interpreter. For
example you can check that there are no ``f-strings`` in Python 3.5 code using Python 3.8
with an up-to-date pylint even if Python 3.5 is past end of life (EOL).
```

Author: I think we should not try to advise users on the interpreter they should use for **their code** but stay in our lane an tell them what interpreter to use for pylint. (It's probably going to be the same than their code though let's be realist.)

> If a newer version does not work for you, we do not maintain pylint for EOL python,
> so the best available pylint might be an old version that works with your old interpreter but
> without the bug fixes and feature of latest pylints.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

A bit redundant I think.

NB: You can also use ``conda`` or your system package manager on debian based OS.

> There package manager lag a little behind as it's maintained by a separate entity.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
However, the available version can lag behind a little as it's maintained by a separate entity.
```

.. code-block:: sh

   conda install pylint

.. code-block:: sh

   sudo apt-get install pylint

Editor integration
------------------

.. _ide-integration:

> - Eclipse_

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more explicit instructions for integration of pylint with editors and IDEs see: `ide_integration/ide-integration`_

- Eclipse_
```

Or however the internal link should be written.

- Emacs_
- `Eric IDE`_ in the `Project > Check` menu,
- gedit_
- `Jupyter Notebook`_
- Komodo_

> - PyCharm_ :ref:`the section below <pylint_in_pycharm>`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- PyCharm_, see our:ref:`tutorial <pylint_in_pycharm>`
```

Author: I removed the link to the IDE, if you're searching a pylint plugin for it you don't need to learn about it.

- PyDev_
- pyscripter_ in the `Tool -> Tools` menu.
- Spyder_ in the `View -> Panes -> Static code analysis`

> - TextMate_  :ref:`the section below <pylint_in_textmate>`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- TextMate_, see our  :ref:`tutorial <pylint_in_textmate>`
```

Author: I removed the link to the IDE, if you're searching a pylint plugin for it you don't need to learn about it.
